[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Oh. Hey.
Pandy and I are playing hide-and-seek.
We love this game.
Do you want to help me find him?
Come on.
Let me grab my camera.
Pandy is a stuffed animal
with a big, white head,
two pointy ears with pink inside,
and one of the ears has a black tip.
Do you see him?
[gasps] There he is!
We found him! Good job.
I'm glad I always find you, Pandy.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
Ooh! You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery!
Come on, Pandy. Let's go.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
OK, let's see what we have
in our Meow Meow Mailbox today.
Ooh!
Look at this!
Look at all those game pieces.
They're all over the top and the bottom.
And look, checkers and cards.
I wonder what it means. Let's see.
[gasps]
It's a game spinner
shaped like the Dollhouse.
Look, it even spins, too.
All those colorful lights.
I love all the glitter on this.
Oh, there's even little drawings
for each of the rooms of the Dollhouse.
I know what this means.
It's game day in the Dollhouse!
Come on.
Let's spin the spinner
to see where we'll play our first game.
[in announcer voice]
Spin that spinner! Whoo!
[gasps] Whoa!
[music playing]
[music slows]
[fanfare plays]
Where did it land?
[gasps] The Craft Room!
Let's go play some games.
With these magical cat ears,
I can shrink down and play with
the Gabby Cats inside my Dollhouse.
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
What are you waiting for? Come on in!
Welcome to my Dollhouse!
Whoa! Look at how big our game spinner is.
-[game show music]
-[applause]
It's The Gabby Cats Game Show!
And I'm your cat-tacular host, CatRat!
[CatRat laughs]
We've got lots of games to play,
so let's not waste any time.
Here to help you
is that clever cardboard cutie, Baby Box!
Hi, everybody!
Yay, Baby Box!
Our first game
is a little something I like to call...
Red, Loud, and Smelly!
[audience cheers]
Good smelly or bad smelly?
We'll find out.
Inside one of these holes is something
that's red, loud, and smelly.
Once you find it,
hit the button on top of this buzzer
before time runs out.
[buzzer]
All right, on your marks, get set...
-[timer chimes]
-...get Red, Loud, and Smelly!
I'll go first! I'll go first!
You'll help us play, right?
Great!
Hyah!
I got something!
Is it red?
Yep.
Is it loud?
Nope.
[sniffs] Not smelly, either.
This isn't it.
I'll go next.
Hwah!
Ooh! A whistle!
Is it red?
-[bell dings]
-Yes!
-[whistle blows]
-And it's loud!
Is it smelly? Smell it!
[Gabby sniffs]
Not smelly. Wah-wah.
We need to keep trying.
OK, OK!
Here I go!
Oh, a robot! And it's red!
[robot whirs]
-[robot chimes]
-Whoa! And it sure is loud!
-[Pandy] Smell it, Baby Box.
-[Baby Box sniffs]
Not smelly.
This isn't it, either.
Let me give it another try.
Go, Pandy!
[Pandy grunts]
Hyah!
Is it red?
-[bell dings]
-Yep.
But is it loud?
Nope, it's not loud.
[sniffs] But it is definitely smelly.
[sniffs] And not the good smelly.
[timer ticking]
Better hurry up there, gang.
Time is running out.
Try again, Pandy.
[Pandy grunts]
Oh, a garbage truck!
Is it red?
-[bell dings]
-Yes!
[sniffs] Whoo! And it's super smelly.
-[truck beeps]
-[gasps] And it's loud!
Red, loud, and smelly! We found it!
[bell dings]
-[bell dings]
-We have a winner, folks.
Yes!
And here come your tickets.
Tickets? We get tickets?
I love tickets!
That's right, Pandy.
Every time you win a game,
you collect tickets.
If you collect enough tickets
at the end of the show,
you get to pick out a prize!
Tickets and prizes?
This is the most paw-tastic day ever!
Let's see where we're going next.
OK, gang, it's time to...
spin that spinner!
Say it with me.
[all] Spin that spinner!
[music playing]
[Gabby] What room do we go to next?
[music slows]
[music stops]
[bell dings]
[Gabby] The Kitchen!
Let's go!
Good luck!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
All right, Gabby and Pandy,
you've made it to our second game.
And to help you with this game,
please give a big Gabby Cats welcome
to the Sergeant of Sweets...
Cakey!
-[Cakey giggles] Wahoo!
-Yay, Cakey!
Hi, guys! I'm so excited!
[Cakey giggles]
This game is called...
-...Big Silly Sundae!
-[Gabby gasps]
Ooh, I love sundaes!
Me, too, Pandy.
Especially when they're made
with my favorite ingredients.
Ice cream, pickles, peppers, and sardines!
Ew! If he likes it...
Whoa!
Look at the size of this sundae glass.
[chuckles] Oh, it is a big one, Pandy.
Because to win this game,
you have to make the sundae
as tall as this red line.
I'm an expert at making sundaes.
And this game comes with
a special twist. [chuckles]
You see that big balloon above you?
Oh, yeah.
It's filling up, as we speak,
with whipped cream!
If you can't finish in time...
whipped cream shower!
All right. Ready, set, sundae!
[timer ticking]
Ice cream.
Pickles.
Peppers.
Sardines.
Say it with us.
Ice cream.
Pickles.
Peppers.
Sardines.
Ice cream.
Pickles.
Peppers.
What comes next?
Sardines.
[Gabby] Ice cream.
[Cakey] Pickles.
[Gabby] Peppers.
[Pandy] Sardines.
[Gabby] Ice cream.
[Cakey] Pickles.
What comes next?
Peppers.
Sardines.
[timer ticking]
Better hurry!
[Pandy gasps]
That's a lot of whipped cream.
I got this, I got this!
Pickles. Then, wait, no...
Pickles, ice cream, peppers, pickles.
[groans] Why are there so many pickles?
[timer ringing]
It's gonna blow!
[buzzer]
Oh, I'm sorry, gang.
You didn't reach the line in time.
Oh, sprinkles!
We didn't win any more tickets.
It's OK, Pandy.
We didn't win any more tickets... yet.
But there's still more games to play.
And you get to keep the whipped cream!
I have to say, of all the things
that have fallen on our heads...
this is the most delicious.
OK, gang, it's time to...
spin that spinner!
Say it with me.
[all] Spin that spinner!
Go for it, Cakey!
Thanks, Gabby.
[music playing]
[Gabby] What room do we go to next?
[music slows]
-[music stops]
-[bell dings]
[Gabby] The Bathroom!
[CatRat gulps] Mm!
A little heavy on the pickles,
but I do love those sardines.
And we'll see you in the Bathroom!
Let's go!
Good luck!
Cakey's rooting for you!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
All right, contestants, I know
that last game didn't quite go your way,
but are you ready for your next challenge?
Never been readier.
Then let's say hello to the gal
who puts sparkle in science!
MerCat!
[giggles] That's me!
Wow! What an entrance!
So, let's get ready to play our next game.
Ducks in a Tub!
[ducks squeak]
[CatRat] To play the game, you need
to find two shapes that are the same.
[Gabby] Two stars!
If you can each find a match,
you win the game.
I'll go first.
On your marks, get set,
match those ducks!
Help me find a match.
Let's try for the circles.
Take a good look.
OK, I'll start with the pink one.
A circle.
Where was the other circle duck?
The blue one! Two circles.
[ducks squeak]
We have our first match!
Nicely done.
Your turn, Pandy.
I'm ready!
Let's find another match. [grunts]
Try and remember where the triangles are.
I remember the yellow one was a triangle.
Yes!
Uh-oh. Where was the other triangle?
The orange duck!
Yes! Two triangles.
[ducks squeak]
Oh, yeah! We got a match!
-[fanfare plays]
-[ducks squeak]
You did it!
All right, MerCat.
You need one more match to win.
And you're up!
Phew! This is a lot of pressure.
I'm gonna need your help.
Look at where the shapes are.
OK, little red buddy,
let's start with you.
[gasps] It's a square.
OK, where's the other square?
Purple!
Two squares! They're a match!
[ducks squeak]
We did it! We won the game!
Quick, hit the buzzer!
[timer ticking]
You're a winner!
And, Pandy, look what's coming!
[Pandy] Oh, boy, tickets! It's tickets!
Come on, tickets! Come to Pandy!
Look at all these tickets!
I think we're definitely gonna have
enough tickets to win a prize.
[CatRat] Well, there's only one game left.
It's time to... spin that spinner!
Say it with me.
[all] Spin that spinner!
-Go for it, MerCat.
-[MerCat giggles]
-[music playing]
-[Gabby] What room do we go to next?
[music slows]
[music stops]
[bell dings]
[Gabby] The Music Room!
Thanks, MerCat!
Yeah, thanks, MerCat.
You were the bubbles.
[giggles] You go win those tickets!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Welcome! What took you so long?
It's time for our final game...
Tushy Tunes!
Oh, I don't want to lose!
We might lose, but we also might win.
Let's just play.
Please give a big Gabby Cats welcome
to our special guest tushy...
DJ Catnip!
Whoo!
Hi, everybody!
OK, the music couch will play a pattern,
and you have to play the pattern back...
with your tushies!
Whoo! Man, I love this game!
I'll go first!
Got to warm up my tushy.
All right, Pandy, let's start the timer.
[timer ticking]
Now, here's your first Tushy Tune!
♪ Yellow, red, blue, blue ♪
Sing it with me.
♪ Yellow ♪
♪ Red ♪
♪ Blue ♪
Uh... What comes next?
Blue!
-[DJ Catnip] Yeah!
-Wahoo! You did it, Pandy!
Yeah, great job!
Thanks.
[timer ticking]
OK, now this gets a little harder.
I'm ready, I'm ready!
Come on, y'all, let's get it!
♪ Yellow, red, blue, blue, orange ♪
Come on, kitty cats, we got this.
♪ Yellow ♪
♪ Red ♪
♪ Blue ♪
What's next?
♪ Orange ♪
[music couch chimes]
Wahoo!
Great job, DJ!
Only one Tushy Tune left.
But it's the hardest one.
Gabby, you're up.
I don't know if I can do it, but...
[giggles] I'm gonna give it a go.
♪ Yellow, red, blue, blue, orange, blue ♪
OK.
Sing it with me!
♪ Yellow ♪
♪ Red ♪
♪ Blue ♪
What comes next?
♪ Orange ♪
Then?
♪ Blue ♪
[music couch chimes]
-Yes!
-Yay!
-We did it again!
-We did it!
[timer ticking]
-The timer!
-Pandy, quick!
-[ticking stops]
-Yeah! We did it!
Oh, tickets!
♪ Pandy got the tickets
Pandy got the tickets ♪
[whistles]
Look at all the tickets we got, CatRat!
OK. The moment of truth.
As you feed the tickets in,
the glitter will rise.
-If you reach the top...
-[ticket counter chimes]
...you, my friends,
will get to pick out a prize!
Wahoo!
Let's do this.
[ticket counter whirring]
♪ Go, Pandy, feed the tickets ♪
Keep them coming. We're almost there!
-[buzzer]
-Uh-oh. That's it. We're out of tickets!
What?
No!
[gasps] More tickets!
[ticket counter whirring]
[ticket counter chimes]
Congratulations!
You've won The Gabby Cats Game Show!
-We did it!
-Yeah, congrats!
-We won the show! We won the show!
-You were amazing!
Step right up! Step right up!
Every winner gets a prize!
Whoa!
Look at all the cool prizes!
Baby Box, what are you going to pick?
Ooh! I want the blue marker, please!
Here you go, Baby Box.
[sniffs] Mm! Smells like blueberry.
I'm gonna draw a blueberry pie with this.
And, Cakey?
Hmm. I'll take
that adorable little kitty timer!
[kitty timer ticking]
Here you go.
Thanks, CatRat.
This will be perfect
for Bakey with Cakey time.
MerCat?
Those shades are definitely me.
How do they look?
-Cat-tastic!
-[MerCat giggles]
-What can I get you, Catnip?
-Oh, a harmonica!
[plays cheery tune]
Whoo! I love it!
What's it gonna be, Gabby?
I'll take that cute little cat toy.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
[bell jingles]
Floyd is gonna love this.
All right, Pandy.
You worked really hard today.
What prize are you gonna pick?
[Pandy] Hmm. Let me see.
Oh, I know!
-I'm gonna pick that trophy.
-Here you go.
This trophy is the best!
It's so shiny.
[gasps] I know who would love this.
CatRat!
CatRat, I want to give this trophy to you.
Really?
For being the best game show host ever.
Thanks, Pandy!
I guess shiny is miney.
[CatRat purrs]
Aw, Pandy, that was so sweet.
You guys are the best.
I love playing games with you.
I still have another surprise.
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me, CatRat.
There are so many things that make me
the most cat-mazing of all the Gabby Cats.
♪ This is a ditty about a kitty divine ♪
♪ He puts the "me" in "meow" ♪
♪ So ahead of his time ♪
♪ The bravest, most heroic cat
The world's ever seen ♪
♪ Spoiler alert, it's me! ♪
[giggles]
♪ Meow! ♪
♪ Go ahead and sing it ♪
♪ It's simple to see ♪
♪ Meow! ♪
♪ Oh, just admit it ♪
♪ You can't spell "meow" without "me" ♪
♪ I know what you're thinking
CatRat, you're the best ♪
♪ So sly, so dry ♪
♪ Getting wet, I detest ♪
♪ It goes right to my head ♪
♪ So don't you even try me, I... ♪
♪ Ooh! Shiny is miney ♪
[giggles]
♪ Meow! ♪
♪ Go ahead and sing it ♪
♪ It's simple to see ♪
♪ Meow! ♪
♪ Oh, just admit it ♪
♪ You can't spell "meow" without "me" ♪
♪ I can slink under doors ♪
♪ Pop out of a drawer ♪
♪ You never know
Just when I might surprise you ♪
♪ How do I do it? You know! ♪
♪ My wonderful, delicate bones ♪
♪ Need I remind you? ♪
♪ Meow! ♪
♪ Go ahead and sing it ♪
♪ It's simple to see ♪
♪ Meow! ♪
♪ Oh, just admit it ♪
♪ You can't spell "meow" without "me" ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
I just love that CatRat.
And I love you, too, Floyd. Yeah.
Look what I won for you.
Thanks for playing
in the Dollhouse with me today.
See you next time,
and we'll open another Dollhouse surprise!
Bye! Oh. He'll be back, don't worry.
[giggles] Bye.